mom if you had eight arms
what would you do with the extra ones
hey i would just show them off and call
myself the spider lady
good answer mom
good night i love you mom
[Music]
david
the doctors couldn't find anything
physically wrong with your son
think you could have been dreaming wake
up honey
why do you think these people were here
who were they
there was raised in a cold it was them
they're coming for us
they awakened something in him
i was dreaming what about
i was drowning in a river of blood
this cold may still be out there
is that the boy
there was never any cult she'd retreated
into a fantasy world
if this is real she needs our protection
now what if it's not
say the words
it's all in your head
you have no idea
[Music]
you